so our president may be the only sports
van in Washington do isn't celebrating
today according to a new Fox News poll a
majority of Americans now favor
impeachment and removal from office we
can't even get a majority of Americans
to agree on who should play Batman so
this is the poll 51% support removing
him that's up nine points from July I
would love to have been with him when he
saw this he's sitting there enjoying
some lou dobbs time this pops on the
screen I bet he spit his McFlurry all
over the room and of course the
president lashed out at the pollster he
wrote from the day I announced I was
running for president I have never had a
good Fox News poll whoever their
pollster is they suck he has all the
best words Fox News is much different
than it used to be the good old days Fox
doesn't deliver for us anymore it is so
different than it used to be oh well I'm
president for now
yes but Trump went on to praise the one
America news network which this I don't
you ever seen this channel makes pot
news look like PBS it's wall to wall
mesothelioma commercials and this idea
that Trump has never had a good Fox News
poll if only there was an easily
accessible catalog of let's say tweets
to challenge that for instance
Wow Fox News poll just came out I'm
number one with 26% new Fox News poll
shows 40 percent approval rating by
African American for president Trump a
great honor to easily finish first in
the Fox News poll Fox News poll thank
you well you're welcome
this is the kind of funny Trump is said
to be so worked up by this impeachment
inquiry he's been calling Mitch
McConnell up to three times a day which
is more than he calls us on air at all
year I think
CNN reports he's been calling to make
sure Mitch McConnell knows that he
demands loyalty from his fellow
Republicans and he will amplify his
attacks on those who criticize him
Trump denies this of course he claims he
doesn't call McConnell three times a day
he calls McDonald's three times a days I
said two slices of cheese now there are
new details about Trump's perfect call
with the Ukrainian president and those
details come from the Ukrainian
president szalinski he went out of his
way to tell reporters in Ukraine that
Trump did not withhold aid money in
exchange for dirt on the Biden's even
though he did withhold aid money on
extra for the Biden's Solinsky said
there was no blackmail which is true it
was it wasn't it was extortion it was
not blackmail they're different but he
also says Trump threw in an extra
hundred forty million dollars when all
was said and done and as if this proves
anything Trump took a victory lap with
those words he said the only blackmail
he's involved with is Kanye West and he
won't speak that's via vice president
Mike Pence to hit Iowa like a
smouldering ball of sexual energy
I came to Iowa today to turn up the heat
he's turning the heat up to a tempered
lukewarm the vice pootle has been a very
good boy for his president and he says
that in order to help exonerate from he
is willing to release transcripts of his
own calls with the Ukrainian president
in other words I will prove my boss
didn't rob that convenience store by
releasing a video of me not robbing a
convenience store
Pence's office this afternoon released
audio for one of the calls with zalenski
and you know it isn't incriminating it
is very interesting so just to be
perfectly clear the United States goal
is simply to help you fight corruption
in your country yes and we will still
receive military aid regardless yes no
quid pro quos here excellent well that's
about all we had to discuss while I got
you would you like to listen to me drink
a glass of milk excuse me I've got a big
wet glass of milk here I bet I could
drink it all in one go and I oh yeah
that's the good stuff he's the vice
president I have to go we nectar just
like mother used to make I don't blame
them well that's why he's got strong
teeth and bones and as
there wasn't already enough the
president's lawyer may be looking for a
lawyer of his own tonight two Associates
of Rudy Giuliani's were arrested last
night a gentleman named Lev partisan
igor from it look innocent to me I don't
know both men were charged with federal
campaign finance violations today for
allegedly making a legal donation to a
pro Trump super PAC foreigners are not
allowed to do that these guys also
helped Giuliani collect dirt on the
Biden's in Ukraine
they are literally dirtbags they collect
but who could have ever guessed that
Rudy Giuliani would have two henchmen
named Lev and Igor
not only this Trump hire the worst
people he hires the worst people that go
on to hire more of the worst people it's
like a worst people nesting doll he's
got Trump says he doesn't know these
guys but there he is with Igor looking
like they just won best RV dealership in
Gary Indiana
and here's lemony more having dinner
with none other than DJ TJ another round
of drinks at four more bottles of
cologne please this isn't quite a pair
of characters they had lunch with Rudy
at the Trump Hotel in Washington DC
yesterday and then were arrested at the
airport later that I got a one-way
ticket to Vienna which doesn't sound
fishy at all even Trump knows it and he
Trump did his best today to kind of oil
wash his tiny hands of this mess well I
hope that again I don't know how he
knows these people what
okay well then they're clients I mean
he's got a lot of clients so I just
don't know I haven't spoken to Rudy
about it I don't know I will say this
from what I heard I just heard about
this they said we have nothing to do
with it we're totally we have nothing to
do with it in other words
goodbye Rudy I love to watch Trump turn
on these guys who would kill for him
we're about three weeks away from him
claiming he never met Rudy Giuliani hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel I hope you enjoyed that
video hit subscribe and all your dreams
will come true assuming your dreams are
to watch more YouTube videos